This file will list, in haphazard order, various things I would like changed about memory.

1. [don't be fooled by the numbers into thinking there will be order] Add spelling cards
2. collect all the todos thrown about in various places
3. finish reworking Card class
4. ???
5. profit
6. open source
7. ???
8. profit

Rebind windows key to meta in emacs. -- No, maybe figure out how to get wmii/bash/something to stop capturing alt before emacs? or change emacs meta to alt? Test...
Add ability to create id mnumonics [like entropy 1 [also binds] bone [with implications to any other equalities entropy 1 has]]
REM: learn how to spell menumonics when near internet again

Change "Is the following correct" to "Would you like to add the following information to your memory" [equiv shorter version] in order to correctly represent program behavior.

Figure out load balancing correctly to learn two different blocks of data at the same time. Current behavior: in any one session, essentially focus on learning one or the other block.
Desired behavior: ? Thoughts: Perhaps this current system is all right, but should probably have options to mix at random between sequence streams. Later, try to develop more fine-tuned controls. Therefore, re-work structure so
that program is aware of what data is hidden and how it can be sequentially revealed.

Ensure that re-adding duplicate knowledge results in no additional cards.

Refine the ability to dump to a flat .txt file.

If there are no users, login screen only allows quitting.

There appears to be an excess space in front of the response?

Add the ability to delete information/users.

Make it so that each user can maintain their own category hierarchy.

Add flipped cards & ability for them to be in different categories.

Rework categories to seamlessly be included in the add sequence.

Refactor code sequence used to create a new user input/screen output/data action tuple in the program.

Basic flashcard breaks when adding a multi-line response. (seg fault) [Character buffer was 80. Increased. But need to finish this fix by ensuring that overflow condition is no longer a seg fault.]

When reviewing[confirming] an added card, its suffix should be visible.

When in multi-character input, make left and right arrows work.

When entering a response (in original data input) show the prompt at the same time.

Add a "added" timestamp to cards.

Add a view of knowledge.

Add ability to select a view of most recent additions. Especially useful during some debugging...

need to add a `broken card' rating, so bad cards can be flagged
